hey Bevers it's Tuesday and I'm Laurie
and you're watching the beaver bunch did
this past weekend as you know Cade was
in New York City and I have to spend a
lot of time with him and I loved every
minute of it that guy is just I love him
he's so cute and I got to see Michelle
as well and and I really enjoyed all of
the truth or dare videos from this past
week I know you guys love it and I don't
mind doing it it's kind of fun I like to
do dares and be you know an idiot and
stuff so that's no problem to me more
like my everyday life so this week we're
talking about lurve that's how Celine
Dion says that she says it look like
lurve instead of love power of lurve and
our viewer that wrote in said that they
usually say I love you too quickly and
they want to know what we think about
love and about saying and like how long
we're going to say i love you things
like that really am truly a believer
that you can't love someone entirely if
you don't love yourself like i think
that they fill the hole that they have
with loving someone else but really you
can't replace the love that you need to
feel for yourself and but i think that
there's also people that can show you
how to love yourself but ultimately it's
what you have to do for yourself I think
that's why when people meet somebody
that brings out great things in them
they like show the person that they love
them and they want to be very vocal and
affectionate and say i love you i love
you i love you when really it's like i
love how you make me feel and I love
like the person that I am when I'm with
you you know things like that are kind
of like I think a deviation from the
usual I love you that most people tend
to express instead of maybe seeing these
other really great positive changes that
are
happening within their a relationship or
that might not necessarily be loved for
the other person but may eventually turn
into that oh and speaking of love
there's my love oh and there's my other
love hi Lara my girls you know
recognizing love like outside of that
honeymoon phase and outside of like the
early on tendency to say i love you when
you're spending every waking hour with
someone and you haven't really been
through anything together as far as like
anything that challenges your strengths
as a couple because i think that with
love brings strength about saying i love
you too early um i don't think i've
really been a extreme case like that i
mean i'm a person that's pretty verbal
with my feelings but i think that's more
so lately rather than when I was like
early on dating and I think it's
exciting to feel like you love someone
so yeah I think that it's it's a good
feeling when you say it or when you feel
like you're ready to say it or when so i
says it to you or blah blah blah but
ultimately it's like that lasting effect
of you know are you just saying it are
you feeling it and sometimes mmm like
the difference between lust and love is
a hard line to figure out which side of
it you're on or if you have both and
sometimes that's only seen in hindsight
and so that is i think some of my
experiences but definitely if you love
someone i think it's important that you
show them but i don't think you
necessarily have to i don't think that
you have to say it to feel it or to mean
it so make sure that you're showing it
more than you're saying it because it's
easy to say I love you it's three words
and you you know anyone can say I'm but
it's it's doing it right and it's
showing the person that you love them
how much you love them and how you'd
like to love them or
like to be loved by them love love love
love love the flow that's the most
important with that I will see you all
next Tuesday we're getting closer to
Christmas my parents are coming in
tomorrow my dad's never visited here
since I've moved so I'm very excited and
I will see you next Tuesday if I